OCPBUGS-28512: Added node reboot node to customize-certificates-repla… (#90698)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-proxy-configure-object.adoc

status:
----

[NOTE]
====
Only the `Proxy` object named `cluster` is supported, and no additional proxies can be created.
====

A cluster administrator can configure the proxy for {product-title} by modifying this `cluster` `Proxy` object.

> [WARNING]

Reviewer: Highlighting that we do warn customers here that proceeding with the below changes WILL trigger a node restart, which arguably is better placement than at the bottom (after customer might have started to run the commands). I would suggest moving your updates from line `128` to line 33.

+
[NOTE]
====
You can skip this step if the identity certificate of the proxy is signed by an authority from the {op-system-first} trust bundle.
====

> .. Create a file called `user-ca-bundle.yaml` and provide the values of your PEM-encoded certificates:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Create a file called `user-ca-bundle.yaml`, and provide the values of your PEM-encoded certificates:
```

Preface a domain with `.` to match subdomains only. For example, `.y.com` matches `x.y.com`, but not `y.com`. Use `*` to bypass proxy for all destinations.
+
If your `noproxy` field needs to include a domain address, you must explicitly specify that FQDN, or prefix-matched subdomain, in the `noproxy` field. You cannot use the IP address or CIDR range that encapsulates the domain. This is because the cluster does not wait for DNS to return the IP address before assigning the route connection, and checks explicitly against the request being made.

> For example, if you have a CIDR block value, such as `10.0.0.0/24`, for the `noproxy` field and attempt to access `\https://10.0.0.11`, it will match successfully. However, attempting to access `\https://exampleserver.externaldomain.com`, whose A record entry is `10.0.0.11`, fails. An additional value of `.externaldomain.com` for your `noproxy` field is necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you have a CIDR block value, such as `10.0.0.0/24`, for the `noproxy` field and attempt to access `\https://10.0.0.11`, it matches successfully. However, attempting to access `\https://exampleserver.externaldomain.com`, whose A record entry is `10.0.0.11`, fails. An additional value of `.externaldomain.com` for your `noproxy` field is necessary.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

+
If you scale up compute nodes that are not included in the network defined by the `networking.machineNetwork[].cidr` field from the installation configuration, you must add them to this list to prevent connection issues.
+
This field is ignored if neither the `httpProxy` or `httpsProxy` fields are set.
<4> One or more URLs external to the cluster to use to perform a readiness check before writing the `httpProxy` and `httpsProxy` values to status.
<5> A reference to the config map in the `openshift-config` namespace that contains additional CA certificates required for proxying HTTPS connections. Note that the config map must already exist before referencing it here. This field is required unless the proxy's identity certificate is signed by an authority from the {op-system} trust bundle.
--

. Save the file to apply the changes.
+

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: strike in favor of moving to line 33

Author: Thanks. I can remove the following note as my note covers this?

> Enabling the cluster-wide proxy causes the Machine Config Operator (MCO) to trigger node reboot.
